If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.
It always seems impossible until it's done.
When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor.
Good, better, best. Never let it rest. 'Til your good is better and your better is best.
There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.
Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay.
If you can dream it, you can do it.
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.
The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself.
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.
If you fell down yesterday, stand up today.
In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can.
Aim for the moon. If you miss, you may hit a star.
I learned that we can do anything, but we can't do everything... at least not at the same time. So think of your priorities not in terms of what activities you do, but when you do them. Timing is everything.
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts.
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after the other.
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there.
If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success.
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
Expect problems and eat them for breakfast.
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do.
The will to succeed is important, but what's more important is the will to prepare.
Motivation is the art of getting people to do what you want them to do because they want to do it.
I don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. I believe you have to be better than you ever thought you could be.
Quality is not an act, it is a habit.
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better.
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines.
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.
Every exit is an entry somewhere else.
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me.
Even if you fall on your face, you're still moving forward.
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on.
A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed next week.
No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings.
Either I will find a way, or I will make one.
You just can't beat the person who never gives up.
I am not afraid... I was born to do this.
Decide what you want, decide what you are willing to exchange for it. Establish your priorities and go to work.
You can never quit. Winners never quit, and quitters never win.
You simply have to put one foot in front of the other and keep going. Put blinders on and plow right ahead.
I really believe that everyone has a talent, ability, or skill that he can mine to support himself and to succeed in life.
I can, therefore I am.
Opportunity does not knock, it presents itself when you beat down the door.
Leap, and the net will appear.
Where there is a will, there is a way. If there is a chance in a million that you can do something, anything, to keep what you want from ending, do it. Pry the door open or, if need be, wedge your foot in that door and keep it open.
Infuse your life with action. Don't wait for it to happen. Make it happen. Make your own future. Make your own hope. Make your own love. And whatever your beliefs, honor your creator, not by passively waiting for grace to come down from upon high, but by doing what you can to make grace happen... yourself, right now, right down here on Earth.
You will never win if you never begin.
Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th.
I attribute my success to this - I never gave or took any excuse.
Never retreat. Never explain. Get it done and let them howl.
I am not a has-been. I am a will be.
The ultimate aim of the ego is not to see something, but to be something.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Well done is better than well said.
If you're going through hell, keep going.
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.
Consult not your fears but your hopes and your dreams. Think not about your frustrations, but about your unfulfilled potential. Concern yourself not with what you tried and failed in, but with what it is still possible for you to do.
Look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Try to make sense of what you see, and wonder about what makes the universe exist. Be curious.
Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds.
